Hierarchies: Allow disabling expansion to filter targets (#676)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/dirty-dogs-run.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-hierarchies-react": minor
---

> Updated `getFilteredPaths` in `useTree` to allow specifying whether hierarchy should be expanded to filtering path target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useTree` and `useUnifiedSelectionTree`: Extended return type of `getFilteredPaths` prop to allow specifying whether hierarchy should be expanded to filtering path target.
```

> `useTree` and `useUnifiedSelectionTree`: Extended return type of `getFilteredPaths` prop to allow specifying whether hierarchy should be expanded to filtering path target.

Reviewer: Let's add the following section:

With this change, hierarchy is no longer expanded to filter targets by default. To achieve the same behavior, paths with `autoExpand` option should be returned:

_Before:_
```tsx
async function getFilteredPaths(): Promise<HierarchyNodeIdentifiersPath[]> {
  return paths;
}
```

_Now:_
```tsx
async function getFilteredPaths(): Promise<Array<{ path: HierarchyNodeIdentifiersPath; options?: { autoExpand?: boolean }>> {
  return paths.map((path) => ({ path, options: { autoExpand: true } }));
}
```

Author: Added.
